How much working memory do 10 chats take in your program, in between processing requests (assume no one has reacted to them)? How about 100? 1000? We can call this part of the memory your program uses the chat storage. How much additional working memory is used when handling the /chats request in your code for 10, 100, and 1000 chats? Speculate on ways to lower either the chat storage or the memory used to process a request, or explain why your approach minimizes them.

Answer: In my program, each chat struct contained id: 4 bytes, user: 16 bytes, message: 256 bytes, timestamp: 20 bytes, and num_reactions: 4 bytes, so the total size of a chat instance is 300 bytes if we add them all together. So if we have 10 chats: 10 x300 = 3000 bytes or 3 KB, 100 chats = 30,000 bytes or 30 KB, 1000 chars - 300,000 bytes or 300 KB. The additional memory when handling the /chats request is used to store the buffer string and BUFFER_SIZE is set to 2048 bytes in my program which is being reused for every chunk fo data sent to the client. So regardless of the amounts of chats, 10, 100, or 1000, the additional memory says at 2048 bytes or 2 KB since it is bounded by BUFFER_SIZE. To reduce chat storage in my program I could optimize my timestamp size by calculating the timestamp dynamically during output rather than storing it in each chat which can save up to 20 bytes per chat or I could reduce the memory for /chats by either reducing the large BUGGER_SIZE or streamlining the output directly to the client which can save me 2 KB of memory.

The PA writeup specifies many limits and constraints on the input (usernames, messages, ids, and so on). Choose one of these limits or constraints, and imagine removing it. What's something that would now work and might make a user happy because the limit is removed? What's a problem that could result from removing that limit? What impact would it have on your implementation to remove it (any new possibilities of errors, new cases to handle, etc)?

If we remove the USERNAME_SIZE which is currently set at 16 characters, it would allow users to enter longer, more descriptive names such as their full name or any long unique name that they like to go by in a collaborative or even a professional setting, however, without a length limit, usernames can take up alot more memory especially when dealing with a large number of users, the display layout could also break if usernames are too long which will require it to constantly adjust spacing and alignment, and also we have the risk of buffer overflow, if the usernames get too big without a limit, the risk of buffer overflow is increased and in areas where we use snprintf, it could exceed the BUFFER_SIZE easily. In order for us to remove it, we would have to dynamically allocate memory for the usernames, have more formatting functions to check and prevent buffer overflows, and also maintain output alignments for the usernames that exceed the expected display length. So in conclusion, removing limits might imrpove user experience but it will also increase the complexity of the code, make it more vulnarable to issues, and increase memory usage which all would require us to do alot more backend work to create safeguards and ensure the performance of the program.
